# Countdown.zone Privacy Statement
_Effective: March 16, 2018_

We are committed to protecting user privacy. For this reason, we have developed our own analytics mechanism to provide us with enough information to continue to improve the service while proudly keeping third party trackers off of the website. 

Even though the information we collect on [countdown.zone](https://countdown.zone) does not on its own allow us to discover the identity of specific individuals, we provide this privacy statement in order to be as transparent as possible about the information we do collect.

This privacy statement only applies to the website [countdown.zone](https://countdown.zone) and not to any other sites or software.

In this document, our definition of "personal information" refers to "personally identifiable information" as defined as follows in [California Internet Privacy Requirements [22577]](http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=BPC&sectionNum=22577.):
> (a) The term “personally identifiable information” means individually identifiable information about an individual consumer collected online by the operator from that individual and maintained by the operator in an accessible form, including any of the following:
 (1) A first and last name.
 (2) A home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town.
 (3) An e-mail address.
 (4) A telephone number.
 (5) A social security number.
 (6) Any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual.
 (7) Information concerning a user that the Web site or online service collects online from the user and maintains in personally identifiable form in combination with an identifier described in this subdivision.

## Summary
- We **do not** collect personal information as defined above.
- If your browser allows it, we store some data on your computer to improve service and functionality (such as, but not limited to, theme preferences). This may be in cookies, local storage, indexed database, or similar.
- Since the data is not personally identifiable information, we may report any data we collect publicly.

## Data We Collect
Below is a list of data we may collect when you visit the site. None of this data allows us to learn the identity of or contact particular individuals. The list also includes some example use cases that justify the data collection, but we may also use the data for other purposes.
- A random user ID (generated by us) that was stored on your computer
  - This allows us to count the number of unique users. 
- Your browser's reported user agent (may include browser, device, and operating system information)
  - This helps us decide which platforms to support and test on.
- Your theme selection
  - This helps us understand which themes are most popular.
- The school schedule you have selected (but not your class names or custom schedule)
  - This helps us decide which school schedules to support and update.
- Your IP address
  - This helps us identify malicious activity.
- Timestamp of when the page was loaded.
  - This helps us understand when the site is being used the most.
- Version of the website code you are using
  - This helps us make sure the most updated code is being run on clients.

## Data We Do NOT Collect
We **do not** collect:
- Your class names
- Your custom course schedule

## Sharing the Data
Since we do not collect personal information, we may share data we collect publicly. For example, we may report aggregate statistics on [countdown.zone/stats](https://countdown.zone/stats).

## Responding to Do Not Track
Since we do not collect personal information, we do not respond to Do Not Track requests. The data we collect is not used to track users across multiple sites.

## Data Retention
We may store the information we collect indefinitely.

## Data Security
Since we do not collect personal information, there is no risk if it becomes public. We cannot contact individuals if there is unauthorized access to data because we do not collect any personal contact information.

## Removal of Data
Since we do not collect personal information, it is impossible for us to know for certain which data to delete if a request for removal is received. Using your browser settings, you may clear all data we store on your device so future visits will not be correlated with past visits.

If you believe you have sent us personal information and we have recorded it and you would like it removed, please email support@nc99.co.

## Changes to this Policy
We may change this privacy policy without notice, so please check back regularly. This privacy policy was last updated on 16 March 2018.
